guys so I'm going to be doing a review
where is it up the I forgot what it was
called wait one second the fun flocking
velvet powder from the born pretty store
one pretty store calm yes so this is
what it looks like
this and it also comes with this this
little brush and tool thing I'm guessing
to transfer the velvet powder onto your
nail since I'm using the blue you have
to paint your nails the same color as
the color of the velvet powder so as you
can tell my nails are blue and I used
sinful colors up the why not nine five
one okay let me try to I'm going to
paint it before it dries cuz this polish
kind of dries really fast
oh let's hurry up oh my gosh I didn't
even open the container I should have
done this before Peter and nail this
before
so basically oh I'm going to take this
and I'm going to um just put it on my
nail please don't tell me that um that
the Polish kind of dried up and yes it
did it did try up you see guys the
Polish dried so it could have got here
please make sure that you're ready not
like me you need to be ready before you
do this put more nail polish uh can I
paint it over my cuticle oh my gosh I
don't want it to dry okay let's do this
again then we're going to take some of
this the cart flies oh that's so cool
okay we're gonna take this and drop it
and drop it this is actually pretty cool
I wasn't too sure about this at first
but I have to say I like this okay okay
okay I'm excited and this is how it
looks like I'm just going to take oh
this is what the brush is for whoo okay
this brush I'm just going to guessing
kind of wipe it off I should push it
Oh push push push push push push push
push push
Purvi this one is the one with the
velvet flocking powder and then the rest
fingers are the one with normal nail
polish blue nail polish this is what it
looks like compared to the other fingers
other nails again I didn't think I would
like it um before I tried it but I am
pretty impressed like I would honestly I
would honestly like I would do this like
it doesn't come off easily it definitely
does not I just
I'm like rubbing on it and nothing's
coming off but yeah let me see and it
honestly barely came off this is what it
looked like after
scratched it it's the same I really like
this product if it comes down to it if I
didn't receive this product for free I
receive this product for free to review
it I would honestly buy it it feels so
cool so for my final thoughts on this
product I love the fact that this design
doesn't get ruined when you come in
contact with water and as I showed you
guys it didn't come off easily after I
scratched it this manicure lasted me
about four days longer than my usual
manicures and what I absolutely love
about it is that it doesn't check below
I have a coupon code for you guys if you
guys are interested if you're interested
in getting your own so yeah it will be
in the description box below there we go
so yeah I'm just going to end this video
and I have to say that I approve
I definitely approve and like this
product seriously like it's so cool
you